<<<<<<< HEAD
# dkeeper

Welcome to your new dkeeper project and to the internet computer development community. By default, creating a new project adds this README and some template files to your project directory. You can edit these template files to customize your project and to include your own code to speed up the development cycle.

To get started, you might want to explore the project directory structure and the default configuration file. Working with this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

To learn more before you start working with dkeeper, see the following documentation available online:

- [Quick Start](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/deploy-locally)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/install)
- [Motoko Programming Language Guide](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/motoko)
- [Motoko Language Quick Reference](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/language-manual)

If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands:

```bash
cd dkeeper/
dfx help
dfx canister --help
```

## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

If you have made changes to your backend canister, you can generate a new candid interface with

```bash
npm run generate
```

at any time. This is recommended before starting the frontend development server, and will be run automatically any time you run `dfx deploy`.

If you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 4943.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`DFX_NETWORK` to `ic` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` in the autogenerated declarations
  - Setting `canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string` in `dfx.json` will replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` with the string in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
=======
# React Notes App
This project was inspired by Google keep and was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Introduction
The React Notes App is a basic note-taking application built using React. It consists of three main components:

App: The main component that manages the overall structure of the app, including rendering the header, footer, notes, and the create area.
Note: A component responsible for displaying individual notes and has a delete button that notes can also be deleted using the "DELETE" button.
CreateArea: A component that allows users to create new notes by entering a title and content. Once added, the notes are displayed in the list.
## Usage
Create a new note:

Enter a title and content in the provided input fields. Click the "Add" button to create a new note. View notes:

All created notes will be displayed in a list format. Delete a note:

Click the "DELETE" button next to a note to remove it from the list.

## Styling
The styling is done using CSS and focuses on providing a clean and responsive user interface.
>>>>>>> origin/master
